{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Joost Soeterbroek\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 I have an extensive background in IT as a UNIX/Linux sysadmin, a web application developer and DevOps roles. Strong in configuration management automation. I am a Red Hat Certified Engineer.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Employment History\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2018 - 2020 | Hartekamp Groep}\line {\b {\i Caregiver for people with mental handicaps}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Working in a care home for people with mental handicaps where I am providing medical and non-medical home care service to elderly/disabled clients. Focused on personal care, companionship, homemaking, health and personal wellbeing of people under our care.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2016 - 2018 | Koninklijke Nederlandse Redding Maatschappij}\line {\b {\i Database-, Linux System- and Application Administrator}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The KNRM is a search-and-rescue organisation at sea. I was a part of the IT team that supported KNRM volunteers and office personnel. Within this team I was primarily responsible for multiple virtual hosts in Microsoft Azure Cloud; administration, configuration, monitoring and troubleshooting of CentOS Linux OS and LAMP applications.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2012 - 2016 | Proxy BV, UNIX Consultancy}\line {\b {\i UNIX/Linux systems consultant}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 UNIX/Linux systems consultant for two of Proxy\u8217's clients; Rijkswaterstaat (Dutch governmental organisation for road- and water infrastructure) and the Dutch Police. For the Dutch Police I worked in a security-sensitive environment of >600 hosts, with a strong focus on system configuration management automation with Puppet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2011 \u8211- 2012 | ONVZ Health Care Insurance}\line {\b {\i Applications Administrator}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Java Middleware Applications (Glassfish, Tomcat, ServiceMix, ActiveMQ, Liferay) Development and Production (OTAP) environment for SOA architecture\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Systems Configuration Management automation with Puppet\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Alfresco Document Management\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2008 \u8211- 2011 | ONVZ Health Care Insurance}\line {\b {\i Red Hat Linux Systems Administrator}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Systems Configuration Management automation with CfEngine\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Systems Management and Provisioning with Red Hat Satellite Server\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab System Monitoring and troubleshooting\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Hardware maintenance\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Development of remote installation and management tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Writing cookbooks on hardware/software implementations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation and configuration of servers and associated software\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2007 \u8211- 2008 | Schuberg Philis}\line {\b {\i Mission Critical Engineer}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Schuberg Philis is a leading provider of mission critical outsourcing services. Focused exclusively on the applications that businesses rely on 24 h/day, guaranteeing 100% uptime. Responsibilities and achievements include building and managing dedicated mission critical application infrastructures, including datacenter hardware for its customers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2005 - 2007 | Shell Exploration & Production}\line {\b {\i Linux Project Engineer}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Shell Exploration & Production is engaged in the upstream activities of acquiring, exploring, developing and producing oil and gas, via Ordina Consulting. Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Linux custom engineering based on RHEL\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Writing installation and support manuals, processes and procedures\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Development of remote installation and management tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Writing cookbooks on hardware/software implementations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation and configuration of servers and associated software\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation of server client software\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation of Red Hat Network Satellite Server\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Project technical co-ordination\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2004 - 2005 | Sun Microsystems}\line {\b {\i Desktop Solutions Architect (Central- and Northern Europe Region)}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Sun Microsystems Professional Services helps customers with every phase of developing and deploying innovative services. Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mapping customer business requirements to technical desktop solutions and provide technical leadership to the implementation of these solutions in CNE region\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for the overall design and technical oversight of complex business initiatives in customer consulting engagements\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2001-2004 | Sun Microsystems}\line {\b {\i Technical Consultant Professional Services}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Sun Microsystems Professional Services helps customers with every phase of developing and deploying innovative services. Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Primary focus on \u8216'Edge\u8217' and Grid computing, UNIX systems management and provisioning\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation services for Sun ONE products\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Server migration and consolidation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pre-sales activities\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technical documentation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Custom engineering, troubleshooting and disaster recovery for Cobalt server appliances\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Note: Joost Soeterbroek joined Sun Microsystems with the acquisition of Cobalt Networks by Sun.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2000-2001 | Snow UNIX Consultancy}\line {\b {\i UNIX/Linux Consultant}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Snow is a consultancy firm specialized in UNIX and UNIX-applications. Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 PHP programmer at Planet Internet in Amersfoort * Maintenance and building of internal CRM web application on LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP) platform * XML development and documentation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1998-2000 | VNU Publishing Corp.} {\b {\i Webmaster}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 VNU Publishing Corp.\u160?Internet department (VIPS) was responsible for the technical infrastructure of all of its publications on the Internet. Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technical advice, infrastructure and hands-on support to the \u8216'site owners\u8217' of a number of VNU online publications within the framework of the Netscape Publishing System and the Open Market IPS Content Management System\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technical coordination of partnership deals with 3rd party content providers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Perl programming custom applications and scripts\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Research and documentation\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1996-1998 | Media@vantage}\line {\b {\i HTML programmer}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Media@vantage is a medium-sized bureau, specializing in interactive communications and new media (out of business). Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Building and maintenance of websites for customers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Research and training of new employees\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1995-1996 | Planet Internet}\line {\b {\i Help desk employee}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Planet Internet is one of the biggest Internet Providers in the Netherlands. Responsibilities and achievements:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Supporting Planet Internet customers on help desk\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Occasional supervision of help desk\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Diverse administrative duties\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 My Cool Side Project\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 For items which don\u8217't have a clear time ordering, a definition list can be used to have named items.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab These items can also contain lists, but you need to mind the indentation levels in the markdown source.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Second item.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 List open source contributions here, perhaps placing emphasis on the project names, for example the {\b Linux Kernel}, where you implemented multithreading over a long weekend, or {\b node.js} (with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://nodejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
link
}}}
) which was actually totally your idea\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b first-lang:} Here, we have an itemization, where we only want to add descriptions to the first few items, but still want to mention some others together at the end. A format that works well here is a description list where the first few items have their first word emphasized, and the last item contains the final few emphasized terms. Notice the reasonably nice page break in the pdf version, which wouldn\u8217't happen if we generated the pdf via html.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b second-lang:} Description of your experience with second-lang, perhaps again including a [link] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/githubuser/superlongprojectname"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ref
}}}
, this time placing the url reference elsewhere in the document to reduce clutter (see source file).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b obscure-but-impressive-lang:} We both know this one\u8217's pushing it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Basic knowledge of {\b C}, {\b x86 assembly}, {\b forth}, {\b Common Lisp}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Extra Section, Call it Whatever You Want\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Human Languages:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab English (native speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab ???\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab This is what a nested list looks like.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Random tidbit\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other sort of impressive-sounding thing you did\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2010-2014 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b PhD, Computer Science}; Awesome University (MyTown)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title: Deep Learning Approaches to the Self-Awesomeness Estimation Problem}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2007-2010\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b BSc, Computer Science and Electrical Engineering}; University of HomeTown (HomeTown)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Minor: Awesomeology}\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:joost.soeterbroek@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
joost.soeterbroek@gmail.com
}}}
\line address - Mytown, Mycountry\par}
}
